As Public Opinion Shifts on Racism, Trump Digs In -- ['Jonathan Martin', 'Maggie Haberman', 'Katie Rogers']
On Thursday, in remarks in Dallas, Mr. Trump tried to highlight how black unemployment had fallen before the coronavirus, and noted his administration’s work on criminal justice reform.
But he also falsely suggested that the protest movement seeking to “defund the police” would lead to eliminating emergency phone lines.
“I heard they want to close up all police forces,” Mr. Trump said.
But this week, Democrats have introduced law enforcement overhaul legislation that goes far beyond what they have pushed before.
And Mr. McConnell, recognizing the country is demanding action, tapped Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina, the only black Senate Republican, to lead an effort on how to address police misconduct.

As Public Opinion Shifts on Racism, Trump Digs In -- ['Jonathan Martin', 'Maggie Haberman', 'Katie Rogers']
On Thursday, in remarks in Dallas, Mr. Trump tried to highlight how black unemployment had fallen before the coronavirus, and noted his administration’s work on criminal justice reform.
But he also falsely suggested that the protest movement seeking to “defund the police” would lead to eliminating emergency phone lines.
“I heard they want to close up all police forces,” Mr. Trump said.
But this week, Democrats have introduced law enforcement overhaul legislation that goes far beyond what they have pushed before.
And Mr. McConnell, recognizing the country is demanding action, tapped Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina, the only black Senate Republican, to lead an effort on how to address police misconduct.

Coronavirus Live Updates: White House Seeks Fallback for When ‘Emergency’ Immigration Rules Lift -- []
The Trump administration proposed a fallback for when ‘emergency’ immigration rules lift.
Under the cloak of a pandemic and mass anti-racist protests, the Trump administration continues to advance its policies to restrict legal immigration, halting the flow of foreign workers and raising the bar for asylum seekers hoping for sanctuary.
If adopted, the rules would lay a framework of restrictionist immigration policies that can be enforced after rules rooted in the pandemic are lifted.
The administration last month extended a coronavirus border rule that in effect blocked tens of thousands of migrants from seeking asylum at the southwestern border.
White House officials said those moves were needed to conserve American jobs and prevent potential outbreaks during a pandemic that has left tens of millions out of work and ravaged the economy, despite multiple studies that show immigrants bolster the economy.

Coronavirus Live Updates: White House Seeks Fallback for When ‘Emergency’ Immigration Rules Lift -- []
The Trump administration proposed a fallback for when ‘emergency’ immigration rules lift.
Under the cloak of a pandemic and mass anti-racist protests, the Trump administration continues to advance its policies to restrict legal immigration, halting the flow of foreign workers and raising the bar for asylum seekers hoping for sanctuary.
If adopted, the rules would lay a framework of restrictionist immigration policies that can be enforced after rules rooted in the pandemic are lifted.
The administration last month extended a coronavirus border rule that in effect blocked tens of thousands of migrants from seeking asylum at the southwestern border.
White House officials said those moves were needed to conserve American jobs and prevent potential outbreaks during a pandemic that has left tens of millions out of work and ravaged the economy, despite multiple studies that show immigrants bolster the economy.

Opinion | To Overturn Trump, We Need to Overturn White Supremacy -- ['Jamelle Bouie']
It doesn’t necessarily follow that a nationwide protest over police brutality would, for some, become a reason to take action against Confederate statues and other controversial monuments.
Born of grief and anger, they’re an attempt to turn the country off the path to ruin.
And part of this is necessarily a struggle over our symbols and our public space.
Erected decades after the end of the Civil War — as the white South began to codify segregation and disenfranchisement into Jim Crow — these statues set in stone the triumph over Reconstruction and the effort to make the South, and the nation, a democracy.
And they marked the spaces in which they stood as essentially white territory.

Opinion | To Overturn Trump, We Need to Overturn White Supremacy -- ['Jamelle Bouie']
It doesn’t necessarily follow that a nationwide protest over police brutality would, for some, become a reason to take action against Confederate statues and other controversial monuments.
Born of grief and anger, they’re an attempt to turn the country off the path to ruin.
And part of this is necessarily a struggle over our symbols and our public space.
Erected decades after the end of the Civil War — as the white South began to codify segregation and disenfranchisement into Jim Crow — these statues set in stone the triumph over Reconstruction and the effort to make the South, and the nation, a democracy.
And they marked the spaces in which they stood as essentially white territory.

Trump's Tulsa Rally Is Just More Racist Trolling - The New York Times -- ['Michelle Goldberg']
Most people — or, at any rate, most readers of The New York Times — remember Donald Trump’s response to the white nationalist riot in Charlottesville, Va., as a particularly low point in a presidency full of them.
After a rambling, aggrieved news conference in which he defended some of those marching with neo-Nazis as “very fine people,” Trump’s already dismal approval rating hovered below 38 percent.
Senator Susan Collins was “concerned.”What’s been forgotten in the almost three years that followed is what came next.
For his first post-Charlottesville rally, Trump chose not a blood-red exurb, but Phoenix, a blue city with a large Hispanic population whose Democratic mayor implored the president to stay away.
Outside, protesters massed, and violence erupted as riot police confronted them.

Opinion | Reactionaries Are Having a Bad Month -- ['Paul Krugman']
After all, from a reactionary’s point of view the past three weeks have been a nightmare.
Not only are marginal people who are supposed to know their place standing up for justice, they’re overwhelmingly winning the battle for public opinion.
Trump keeps tweeting “LAW & ORDER!” as if saying the magic phrase enough times will turn the clock back to 1968.
For reactionaries, however, the horror of the situation isn’t the possibility that protests might turn violent.
And that’s why people like Trump and Tom Cotton have been so eager to send in the military.

World News -- []
WATCH: Trudeau pauses for more than 20 seconds when asked about Trump, U.S. protests

Trump's re-election is approaching the danger zone, polls show -- ['Steve Kornacki', 'Author Of', 'The Red', 'The Blue', 'The Birth Of Political Tribalism', 'Is A National Political Correspondent For Nbc News']
Of course, Trump is no stranger to political crisis, and he did famously win the 2016 election in the face of it.
One way of tackling this question is to compare Trump's standing to where his predecessors were at this same point in their re-election campaigns.
Likewise, Obama's approval average was 48 percent at this same point in 2012, and it wouldn't budge much through Election Day.
And his current average approval rating of 42 percent is about 5 points too low to put him in the second "holding his own" one.
Moreover, Trump's approval rating has only rarely reached the high 40s, where both Bush in '04 and Obama '12 were throughout their re-election campaigns.

Rally at your own risk: Trump campaign's coronavirus disclaimer to supporters -- ['Dareh Gregorian', 'Dareh Gregorian Is A Politics Reporter For Nbc News.']
President Donald Trump is set to resume his campaign rallies next week — but attendees have to agree not to hold his campaign liable if they get the coronavirus in the 19,000-seat arena.
An invitation for the June 19 event in Tulsa, Oklahoma asks people to register online for the event —and waive their rights to sue if they get sick.
The rally is being held in the Bank of Oklahoma Center and comes as the city is in phase three of reopening from the coronavirus pandemic.
A Trump campaign official said there would be health precautions in place at the event but did not elaborate.
Stitt, a Republican, has hailed the Trump event.

Trump says he is 'finalizing' executive order to address policing -- ['Lauren Egan', 'Lauren Egan Is A Reporter For Nbc News Based In Washington.']
The recommendations will encourage "tactics for de-escalation," Trump said at a roundtable event with faith leaders, law enforcement officials and small-business owners at Gateway Church in Dallas.
"Also, we'll encourage pilot programs that allow social workers to join certain law enforcement officers so that they work together," Trump said.
Trump said that in addition to the executive order, he plans to address economic development in minority communities, health care disparities in minority communities and school choice.
Trump did not say how he would address such broad policy topics.
Trump is expected to attend a private fundraiser in Dallas before heading to his Bedminster, New Jersey, property.

Melania Trump used newfound leverage to redo prenup after election win, new book says -- ['Jane C. Timm', 'Jane C. Timm Is A Political Reporter For Nbc News.']
First lady Melania Trump favorably renegotiated her prenuptial agreement after husband Donald Trump won the White House, according to a new book by Washington Post reporter Mary Jordan.
Mrs. Trump stayed in New York for months after the president's inauguration, saying publicly it was because she didn’t want to interrupt son Barron’s school year.
Mrs. Trump then used her marriage, the president's longest relationship, and her newfound standing as first lady to rework her initial prenuptial agreement, which the book reports had not been particularly generous.
Jordan’s book, the Post reports, paints a picture of an ambitious Mrs. Trump who embraced and encouraged the president’s political ambitions and is committed to winning a second term for her husband.
In a statement, the first lady's chief of staff, Stephanie Grisham, said: "Yet another book about Mrs. Trump with false information and sources.

North Korea's Kim backs away from Trump relationship two years after historic handshake -- ['Adela Suliman', 'Adela Suliman Is A London-Based Writer', 'Reporter For Nbc News Digital.']
North Korea said it was pulling away from its relationship with the U.S. two years after a historic handshake between President Donald Trump and the North Korean leader, Kim Jong Un, in Singapore, saying there had been no actual improvement in ties.
But political experts say little progress has been made by either side, while North Korea continues to build nuclear capabilities.
The U.S. State Department and the White House were not immediately available for comment on the latest North Korean statements.
China, an uneasy ally of North Korea, said on Friday that the U.S. should take concrete measures to address North Korea's concerns, amid escalating tensions between Pyongyang and Washington.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un speaks during a conference.

GOP-led committee backs renaming bases that honor Confederates, setting up clash with Trump -- ['Kasie Hunt', "The Host Of Msnbc'S", 'Kasie Dc', 'Is A Capitol Hill Correspondent For Nbc News.', 'Julie Tsirkin', "Julie Tsirkin Is An Associate Producer For Nbc News' Capitol Hill Team."]
The Senate Armed Services Committee has approved a proposal to strip Confederate names from military bases and other Defense Department facilities within the next three years, setting up a possible clash with President Donald Trump on the issue.
This site is protected by recaptchaTrump said Wednesday that he would “not even consider” renaming Army bases that honor Confederate leaders, despite a nationwide reckoning over racial discrimination in the aftermath of the killing of George Floyd.
The Army has 10 military posts named after Confederate military officers, including Fort Bragg in North Carolina, Fort Benning in Georgia and Fort Hood in Texas.
Seriously failed presidential candidate, Senator Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren, just introduced an Amendment on the renaming of many of our legendary Military Bases from which we trained to WIN two World Wars.
House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., said at his own news conference later Thursday that he is "not opposed" to renaming bases, but said he wanted to wait to see how the defense authorization bill shaped up.

Her kids were taken away from her. A migrant mom details the nightmare in 'The Book of Rosy.' -- ['Raul A. Reyes', 'A Lawyer', 'Is A Member Of The Usa Today Board Of Contributors. He Has Written For The New York Times', 'The Los Angeles Times', 'The Christian Science Monitor', 'Texas Monthly', 'The Huffington Post.']
At an Arizona detention center, in the middle of the night, guards came in and took away her children.
Described as a “disturbing and unforgettable memoir” by Publishers Weekly, the book is simultaneously being published in Spanish.
Rosayra Pablo Cruz is the co-author of "The Book of Rosy."
Tang / TangySweet PhotographyFor Cruz and the other mothers in detention, not knowing where their children were proved nearly unbearable, she writes.
With the coronavirus pandemic and the anti-police brutality protests happening, Cruz hopes that people will not forget about migrant families at the border.

Coronavirus live updates: Republicans pick Jacksonville, Florida, as convention site -- ['Nbc News']
The Republican National Committee announced that it had selected Jacksonville, Florida, as the site where President Donald Trump will accept the party's nomination.
That comes after the party bailed on Charlotte, North Carolina, over coronavirus restrictions.
As the world waits for a coronavirus vaccine, some scientists are proposing that existing vaccines could give the body’s immune system a much-needed temporary boost to stave off infection.
A number of vaccine efforts are planning to start final-stage trials this summer, while the Walter Reed Army Lab is beginning human trials.
Here's what you need to know about the coronavirus, plus a timeline of the most critical moments:Download the NBC News app for latest updates on the coronavirus outbreak.

Republicans pick Jacksonville, Florida, as convention site for Trump to accept nomination -- ['Dartunorro Clark', 'Dartunorro Clark Is A Political Reporter For Nbc News.']
The Republican National Committee announced Thursday that it had selected Jacksonville, Florida, as the site where President Donald Trump will accept the party's nomination after bailing on Charlotte, North Carolina, over coronavirus restrictions.
"We are thrilled to celebrate this momentous occasion in the great city of Jacksonville," RNC Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel said in a statement.
The move to Florida, a crucial battleground state, comes after the committee was at loggerheads with North Carolina Gov.
The convention is scheduled for the week of Aug. 24; Trump will accept the Republican presidential nomination at VyStar Veterans Memorial Arena.
There is still a plan to hold all convention business in Charlotte because of contractual obligations between the city and Republican National Committee.

'Slap in the face to black people': Trump faces backlash over rally on Juneteenth -- ['Rebecca Shabad', 'Rebecca Shabad Is A Congressional Reporter For Nbc News', 'Based In Washington.']
This is ridiculous and yet another slap in the face to black people," Bass added.
Rep. Al Green, D-Texas, a member of the caucus, tweeted that a Trump campaign rally with "rebel flags" on Juneteenth "is overt racism from the highest office in the land."
The day, also known as Emancipation Day or Black Independence Day, celebrates the end of slavery in the United States after the Civil War.
Many black Tulsa residents were imprisoned and more than 800 people were treated for injuries, the museum says.
Trump likely has no clue what the significance of Juneteenth and Tulsa are.

Biden's biggest fear: 'This president is going to try to steal this election' -- ['Rebecca Shabad', 'Rebecca Shabad Is A Congressional Reporter For Nbc News', 'Based In Washington.', 'Marianna Sotomayor', 'Marianna Sotomayor Is A Campaign Embed For Nbc News.']
WASHINGTON — Joe Biden said Wednesday night that his greatest concern is whether everyone's votes will be counted in November as he warned that President Donald Trump may try to "steal" the presidential election.
"It's my greatest concern, my single greatest concern.
This president is going to try to steal this election," said Biden, the presumptive 2020 Democratic presidential nominee.
Asked if he’s considered what would happen if Trump lost the election and refused to leave the White House, Biden said, "Yes, I have."
Weeks before the 2016 election, Trump continued to argue that the election would be "rigged" against him and refused to say whether he would accept the results, only saying that he would keep the country “in suspense.” Even after he won the election, Trump repeatedly claimed, without evidence, that millions of people had voted illegally for Hillary Clinton.

Trump authorizes sanctions on International Criminal Court officials -- ['Saphora Smith', 'Saphora Smith Is A London-Based Reporter For Nbc News Digital.', 'Abigail Williams', 'Abigail Williams Is A Producer', 'Reporter For Nbc News Covering The State Department.']
The Trump administration launched an attack Thursday on the International Criminal Court, which is set up to prosecute war crimes and genocide, authorizing economic sanctions against officials investigating or prosecuting U.S. personnel without Washington’s consent.
The decision to slap sanctions on court officials comes after ICC appeals judges authorized an investigation in March into allegations of war crimes by U.S. military and intelligence personnel, Afghan forces and the Taliban in Afghanistan.
President Donald Trump also authorized the expansion of visa restrictions against ICC officials and their family members.
The White House added that it was concerned that “adversary nations” were manipulating the court by “encouraging these allegations” against American personnel.
It also determined that there is a reasonable basis to believe that crimes against humanity and war crimes have been committed by the Taliban and their Haqqani network and that war crimes were committed by the Afghan National Security Forces.

A photo of the Selena statue wearing a Trump MAGA hat went viral. Fans aren't having it. -- ['Gwen Aviles', 'Gwen Aviles Is A Trending News', 'Culture Reporter For Nbc News.']
In the picture, Perez, who is wearing a Trump shirt, poses next to the Selena statue, which was built in 1997 to honor the singer.
The post has received thousands of comments on Facebook and hundreds of people have used the "angry" reaction button to denote their displeasure with the article's content and the picture of the Selena statue wearing Trump memorabilia.
Perez, the man pictured alongside the statue, doesn't believe that dressing Selena in a MAGA hat is "disrespectful" as "not all Selena fans are angered by the picture."
It’s in my heritage and I respect her as a singer," Perez told NBC News.
Fans have pointed out that the picture of the Selena statue wearing a MAGA hat is at odds with the fact that she never shied away from her Mexican roots.

Baltimore mayor: Trump should honor those who served by staying home -- ['May']
'No one is trying to re-write history': Congressman on renaming bases

Trump rejects calls to rename military bases honoring Confederate generals -- ['Lateshia Beachum', 'General Assignment Reporter', 'John Wagner', "National Reporter On The Post'S Breaking Political News Team", 'Brittany Shammas', 'Katie Mettler', 'Reporter Covering Breaking News', 'Felicia Sonmez', "National Reporter On The Washington Post'S Breaking Political News Team", 'Meryl Kornfield']
“So the president was raising questions based on a report that he saw,” McEnany said during an appearance on Fox News’s “Fox & Friends.” “There are questions that need to be asked.
In every case, we can’t jump on one side without looking at all the facts at play.
Two Buffalo police officers have been charged with assault after footage showed them shoving Martin Gugino to the ground and blood pooling on the sidewalk below his head.
In defending Trump, McEnany noted that several dozen police officers resigned from their unit after their colleagues were suspended.
“So I think we need to ask why those officers resigned, what happened, what facts were on the ground,” she said.

Seattle protesters struggle to determine what’s next for ‘autonomous zone’ as Trump lobs threats -- ['Kim Bellware', 'Reporter Covering National Breaking News', 'Tim Elfrink', 'Editor Of The Morning Mix', 'Marisa Iati', 'General Assignment Reporter', 'Derek Hawkins', 'National', 'Breaking News Reporter']
Meanwhile, President Trump and his allies are decrying such protests and calls to defund police as a breakdown in lawful society.
Reports from the scene and comments from other city leaders undercut the president’s narrative that the autonomous zone is rife with mayhem.
Best noted that the activity in the autonomous zone has been peaceful, with people holding potlucks, displaying Black Lives Matter paintings and screening movies.
ADThe Seattle Times reported there was at least one confrontation Thursday evening around 6 p.m. when protesters accused officers of firing pepper spray at them.
AD“I heard people yelling, and saw some shoving, but it was hard to see exactly what was happening,” Zachary Coon, a tech engineer volunteering at the autonomous zone, told the Times.

Trump won’t rename Army posts that honor Confederates. Here’s why they’re named after traitors. -- ['Alex Horton', 'General Assignment Reporter Covering National', 'Breaking News']
ADWho are the bases named after?
ADThree of the biggest bases in the United States are named after Confederate leaders, including some who were famously inept.
In remarks in 1861 laying out slavery as the reason for secession, Benning warned that abolition would lead to “black governors, black legislatures, black juries, black everything.
Unlike Bragg and Benning, Hood has no prewar roots in the state that has a post named after him.
ADThe other bases named after Confederate commanders are:Forts Lee, Pickett and A.P.

Fox News host educates Trump on violent origins of ‘When the looting starts, the shooting starts’ phrase -- ['Allyson Chiu', 'Reporter With The Morning Mix Team']
“And the tweets, ‘When the looting starts, the shooting starts,’ ” she continued, referencing Trump’s widely criticized response to the Minneapolis protests last month, which many interpreted to be a racist threat of violence.
ADWhen Faulkner brought up Trump’s May 29 tweets, zeroing in on the “When the looting starts, the shooting starts” quote, the president had an explanation ready.
Headley warned at the time that officers would use shotguns and dogs, adding, “We don’t mind being accused of police brutality.”AD“I’ve let the word filter down that when the looting starts, the shooting starts,” Headley said.
And the other is, if there’s looting, there’s going to be shooting.
“But when the looting starts, there oftentimes means there’s going to be shooting, there’s going to be death, there’s going to be killing, and that’s a bad thing.

Trump’s ugly appeal to white voters: Pick a side -- ['Greg Sargent', 'Opinion Writer Covering National Politics', 'Opinion Writer']
But after doing so, Trump privately raged that this course change made him look “weak.”You can chalk that up to Trump’s long-held dictum — never apologize for anything.
Indeed, at the time, adviser Stephen K. Bannon counseled that post-Charlottesville racial strife was good politics for him.
As the New York Times delicately notes, it’s the brainchild of advisers who tend to “reinforce” Trump’s “instincts.”The broader pattern is plain.
ADThis tactic — of casting those demanding equal treatment before the law for African Americans as disdainful of ordinary white Americans — has a long and storied history that runs through George Wallace and Richard Nixon and Newt Gingrich.
But, with white America rapidly evolving on these matters, it may constitute a misplaced bet, on a largely white minority that isn’t quite as big as Trump believes it to be.

The Trump administration has all but given up fighting the pandemic -- ['Paul Waldman', 'Opinion Writer Covering Politics', 'Opinion Writer']
In fact, it’s hardly an exaggeration to say that the president and his administration have all but given up fighting the pandemic.
The Centers for Disease Control reportedly “remains largely demoralized and often sidelined” in fighting the virus.
With everything else going on, including the collapse of the economy and the wave of protests over police brutality and racism, the pandemic is getting less attention.
The assembled faithful will prove their devotion to the president by not wearing masks, just as they do at the White House and at his campaign headquarters.
AD“I spoke to our health experts at some length last evening,” said White House economic policy adviser Larry Kudlow on Friday.

Trump’s reckless endangerment problem -- ['Jennifer Rubin', 'Opinion Writer Covering Politics', 'Policy', 'Foreign', 'Opinion Writer']
When a hue and cry erupted, he made excuses for his reckless conduct but later felt obliged to concede he should have worn a mask.
The cognitive dissonance becomes more acute as Trump heads back onto the road to hold mass rallies among the mask-less.
Well, there is enough of a problem that Trump is taking swift action — to protect himself against liability.
(It is far from clear that kind of waiver is legally sufficient when the conduct is “reckless” — an apt descriptor for Trump’s covid-denying rallies.)
I’m sure the lady I saw in the District and many like her would be delighted to fill their seats.

2020 Power Ranking: The 9 Senate seats most likely to flip -- ['The Ranking Committee', 'June At Am']
But now we’re back with a somewhat less inspiring type of political movement: It’s Round 64 of the Power Ranking.
Doug Jones will very likely lose the Alabama Senate race, and Republicans could try for a win in swing-y Michigan or red-trending Minnesota.
So this week, the Ranking Committee has decided to pick the seats that are most likely to flip.
— David BylerThe RankingDon’t forget to click on the chart’s yellow highlighted text to see the rest of the Ranking Committee’s annotations.
(TIE) Iowa (Joni Ernst) R to DPrevious round: Round 63 | Biden vetting rumors are circulating.

Trump might go down in history as the last president of the Confederacy -- ['Eugene Robinson', 'Columnist Focusing On Politics']
Like the Civil War itself, “Lost Cause” symbology is simply and entirely about white supremacy.
The heavily armed “liberate Michigan” mob that invaded the statehouse in Lansing, egged on by President Trump, had no historical reason to be waving the Confederate flag.
ADADLee’s surrender ended nothing, because the nation did not even begin to grapple with white supremacy.
The killing of Floyd has provoked a national moment of reckoning with police violence and white supremacy.
If it turns out that the Lost Cause is finally, truly lost, then so is the president who made himself its champion.

Biden hasn’t just lost a step. He’s lost a lap. -- ['Hugh Hewitt']
He is mostly invisible these days, but he hasn’t just lost a step.
He’s lost a lap.
His White House would be marked by echo-chamber enthusiasts and the control of the appointees he brings along with him, a haphazard and dangerous step for the republic.
ADADWith Trump, all will be well in the country and all will be in upheaval inside the Beltway, Manhattan, Silicon Valley and Hollywood.
Some days he does well, and on others he doesn’t, as he allows the unfairness of the Beltway game to distract him.

Melania Trump was in no rush to move into the White House. That’s when she renegotiated her prenup, a new book says. -- ['Jada Yuan', 'Feature Reporter Covering National Politics']
ADADThe mythmaking, Jordan writes, began early, when she would fail to correct reporters who cited her age incorrectly, always younger than she was.
They also seem to love each other, according to people who witnessed their early courtship, and others who have seen their relationship in the White House go from frosty to warm again.
ADADOn the campaign and in the White House, she has been Trump’s sounding board.
Observers in the White House had noticed an uptick in her mood by mid-2018 that might account for her being so willing to fight for a second term.
According to three people close to Trump, Jordan writes, Melania had finally renegotiated the prenup to her liking.

OAN, Trump’s most loyal media ally promised a pro-Trump poll. It didn’t deliver — and then pulled its story. -- ['Philip Bump', 'National Correspondent Focused Largely On The Numbers Behind Politics']
There is no evidence for the claims made in the report, though OAN reporter Kristian Rouz did certainly offer up some allegations.
It had Trump and Biden tied in the must-win state for Trump, a state Trump won narrowly four years ago.
And Rouz’s framing works only if you assume those undecided voters actually vote for Trump at the margin they indicated they would.
ADThe OAN report tries to suggest that this result is somehow a repudiation of CNN’s poll.
The most obvious, of course, is that the CNN poll was national and the OAN poll conducted only in Florida.

2020 Power Ranking: The 9 Senate seats most likely to flip -- ['The Ranking Committee', 'June At Am']
But now we’re back with a somewhat less inspiring type of political movement: It’s Round 64 of the Power Ranking.
Doug Jones will very likely lose the Alabama Senate race, and Republicans could try for a win in swing-y Michigan or red-trending Minnesota.
So this week, the Ranking Committee has decided to pick the seats that are most likely to flip.
— David BylerThe RankingDon’t forget to click on the chart’s yellow highlighted text to see the rest of the Ranking Committee’s annotations.
(TIE) Iowa (Joni Ernst) R to DPrevious round: Round 63 | Biden vetting rumors are circulating.

Fox News host educates Trump on violent origins of ‘When the looting starts, the shooting starts’ phrase -- ['Allyson Chiu', 'Reporter With The Morning Mix Team']
“And the tweets, ‘When the looting starts, the shooting starts,’ ” she continued, referencing Trump’s widely criticized response to the Minneapolis protests last month, which many interpreted to be a racist threat of violence.
ADWhen Faulkner brought up Trump’s May 29 tweets, zeroing in on the “When the looting starts, the shooting starts” quote, the president had an explanation ready.
Headley warned at the time that officers would use shotguns and dogs, adding, “We don’t mind being accused of police brutality.”AD“I’ve let the word filter down that when the looting starts, the shooting starts,” Headley said.
And the other is, if there’s looting, there’s going to be shooting.
“But when the looting starts, there oftentimes means there’s going to be shooting, there’s going to be death, there’s going to be killing, and that’s a bad thing.

Melania Trump was in no rush to move into the White House. That’s when she renegotiated her prenup, a new book says. -- ['Jada Yuan', 'Feature Reporter Covering National Politics']
ADADThe mythmaking, Jordan writes, began early, when she would fail to correct reporters who cited her age incorrectly, always younger than she was.
They also seem to love each other, according to people who witnessed their early courtship, and others who have seen their relationship in the White House go from frosty to warm again.
ADADOn the campaign and in the White House, she has been Trump’s sounding board.
Observers in the White House had noticed an uptick in her mood by mid-2018 that might account for her being so willing to fight for a second term.
According to three people close to Trump, Jordan writes, Melania had finally renegotiated the prenup to her liking.

In new book, Bolton alleges Trump committed ‘Ukraine-like transgressions’ in other foreign policy decisions -- ['Tom Hamburger', 'Investigative Reporter Focused On The Intersection Of Money', 'Politics In Washington']
ADThe longtime conservative foreign policy hand also argues in the book that House Democrats “committed impeachment malpractice” by focusing their inquiry on Ukraine, according to the publisher.
AD“Trump’s Ukraine-like transgressions existed across the full range of his foreign policy — and Bolton documents exactly what those were, and attempts by him and others in the Administration to raise alarms about them,” the Simon & Schuster news release states.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The letter said Bolton would be provided with a redacted manuscript by June 19, four days before the book is to go on sale, June 23.
Both Bolton and Cooper have said they are confident the manuscript does not contain classified material.

OAN, Trump’s most loyal media ally promised a pro-Trump poll. It didn’t deliver — and then pulled its story. -- ['Philip Bump', 'National Correspondent Focused Largely On The Numbers Behind Politics']
There is no evidence for the claims made in the report, though OAN reporter Kristian Rouz did certainly offer up some allegations.
It had Trump and Biden tied in the must-win state for Trump, a state Trump won narrowly four years ago.
And Rouz’s framing works only if you assume those undecided voters actually vote for Trump at the margin they indicated they would.
ADThe OAN report tries to suggest that this result is somehow a repudiation of CNN’s poll.
The most obvious, of course, is that the CNN poll was national and the OAN poll conducted only in Florida.

In split-screen display, Trump and Biden offer dramatically different approaches to protests backed by most Americans -- ['Matt Viser', 'National Political Reporter']
“Why in this nation do too many black Americans wake up knowing that they could lose their life in the course of just living their life?” Biden asked.
Biden and Trump have promoted those images as core to their political identity as they speak to entirely separate sets of voters in one fractured country.
ADADWhile Biden and other top Democrats believe systemic racism exists, Republicans from Trump on down have cast the Floyd killing as a more isolated incident.
Mom’s joining them in the protest,” said Cornell Belcher, who was a pollster for Barack Obama and has been critical of his party’s outreach to young black voters.
“President Trump stands for law and order while Biden can’t even stand up to extremists in his own party,” he added.

What the Trump administration has said about systemic racism -- []
What the Trump administration has said about systemic racismIn the wake of nationwide protests over police violence, the Trump administration has often said that systemic or institutional racism does not exist in the United States.

The Daily 202: D.C. surpasses 500 coronavirus deaths; nearly 3 in 4 have been African American -- ['James Hohmann', 'National Political Correspondent', 'Author Of The Daily', 'June At Am']
with Mariana AlfaroThe death toll from the novel coronavirus surpassed 500 in the nation’s capital on Wednesday.
District health officials report that 375 of the 506 fatalities have been African American, 65 have been Hispanic and 54 have been white.
There are now more than 2 million confirmed cases of the coronavirus in the United States, and the national death toll is 112,311.
Those findings indicate that monitoring wastewater can help alert public health officials to rising infection rates.
(Daily Beast)Divided AmericaPresident Trump and First Lady Melania Trump board Air Force One on May 27 for a day trip to Florida.

Trump calls for a ‘new and updated’ GOP platform after party moves to keep its 2016 document -- ['John Wagner', "National Reporter On The Post'S Breaking Political News Team"]
“The Republican Party has not yet voted on a Platform,” Trump said in a morning tweet.
I prefer a new and updated Platform, short form, if possible.”ADIt was not immediately clear how Trump’s wish would be accomplished.
Part of the rationale for not updating the platform was to avoid having convention delegates travel to Charlotte to do so.
“The current Administration has abandoned America’s friends and rewarded its enemies,” the platform says in just one instance that now could be misinterpreted as criticizing Trump.
Before the decision of the executive committee, Trump and his aides had been talking for months about adopting a slimmer document than the 58-page one approved in 2016.

Trump perfectly distills his political approach to race -- ['Philip Bump', 'National Correspondent Focused Largely On The Numbers Behind Politics']
The Dallas event, though, was necessarily focused not on the virus and the economy but on the reemergence of police treatment of black Americans as a national issue.
Introducing the event — to which the local sheriff, district attorney and police chief were not invited, although all are black — Trump offered a broad assessment of both the problem and the solution.
It’s the first part of the statement, though, that so perfectly captures a particular view of race relations to which Trump is deeply sympathetic.
More than 8 in 10 black Americans hold that view of Trump, according to a Post-Ipsos poll from January.
They're good Americans and abhor racism in the traditional Klan-robe-and-colored-drinking-fountain sense, so why are they being held accountable for the plight of black Americans?

The Technology 202: Biden targets Zuckerberg as his campaign mounts a Facebook ad blitz -- ['Cat Zakrzewski', 'Technology Policy Reporter', 'June At Am']
Biden's campaign is even planning to launch ads on Facebook promoting the letter, a campaign spokesman told me.
In the past seven days, the Biden campaign spent nearly $4.8 million on Facebook ads, compared to the Trump campaign's nearly $1.3 million, according to the same tracker.
The Trump campaign has traditionally significantly outspent Democratic candidates on ads on the social network.
The Biden campaign declined to comment on why it's still spending heavily on ads on the social network while criticizing the company.
The Biden campaign last year sent a letter to tech companies calling for tougher rules on political ads, after the Trump campaign ran an ad that made false claims.

Protests target Columbus, Churchill, Clive, Rhodes statues -- ['Ishaan Tharoor', 'Columnist Covering Foreign Affairs', 'Geopolitics']
ADADIn Boston, a statue of Columbus was found beheaded on Wednesday morning.
Another Columbus statue in Richmond — where a whole series of monuments is now set to fall — was thrown into a lake.
pic.twitter.com/6gIPTe9nBs — Max Nesterak (@maxnesterak) June 10, 2020Such scenes in the United States are being played out on an astonishing global tableau.
ADADIn Britain, in particular, activists have attacked statues honoring English slavers and former prime minister Winston Churchill, leading to outraged reactions from ruling Conservative Party officials.
“Statues are not about history; statues are about a certain version of history.”THOSE THAT DENY THEIR HISTORY ARE DOOMED TO REPEAT IT!

Panoramic photo: Protesters turn White House fence into gallery of signs -- ['Bonnie Berkowitz', 'Graphics Reporter', 'Joe Fox', 'General Assignment Graphics Reporter', 'Kevin Uhrmacher', 'Graphics Editor Focusing On U.S. Elections', 'The Federal Government', 'Gabriel Florit', 'Graphics Reporter Working With Augmented Reality', 'Monica Ulmanu']
It was also the phrase Eric Garner cried out 11 times from a white officer’s illegal chokehold in Staten Island in 2014.
Just below her two signs is the word "Ahimsa," a Sanskrit word meaning nonviolence and respect for all living things.
Black protesters have pleaded for their white neighbors to join their cause, and attitudes appear to have changed dramatically.
Her boyfriend thought the police were intruders and fired a shot; officers shot Taylor eight times.
Members of other minority communities left messages of solidarity, including Latinx, Filipinx and LGBT groups.

Trump downplays concerns of Pentagon’s top general about church photo, calls it a ‘beautiful picture’ -- ['John Wagner', "National Reporter On The Post'S Breaking Political News Team"]
ADADAsked whether he thinks such concerns are “significant,” Trump replied, “No, I don’t think so.”“I mean, if that’s the way they feel, I think that’s fine,” Trump told Fox News’s Harris Faulkner.
Portions of the interview were aired by the cable station on Thursday night, while other portions are airing on Friday.
ADDemocrats have accused Trump of sending the wrong message with the timing of the rally.
“One is, if there’s looting, there’s probably going to be shooting, and that’s not as a threat, that’s really just a fact, because that’s what happens.
And the other is, if there’s looting, there’s going to be shooting.

Seattle officials clash with Trump on Twitter after protesters create autonomous zone outside police precinct -- ['Abc News', 'Kelly Mccarthy', 'June', 'Min Read']
Seattle officials clash with Trump on Twitter after protesters create autonomous zone outside police precinct The East precinct in Seattle is boarded up and surrounded by demonstrators.
Protesters in Seattle have seized a six-block area to create an autonomous police-free zone outside the East precinct that was abandoned on Monday.
Seattle Police Chief Carmen Best talks to media in front of Seattle Police Department East Precinct in Seattle, June 11, 2020.
"We must continue to reimagine and rethink policing and how we allocate funds for law enforcement and for other community-based programs."
"It is now the Capitol Hill autonomous zone," she added.

Coronavirus task force fades from view as Trump White House moves on -- ['Abc News', 'Jordyn Phelps', 'Ben Gittleson', 'June', 'Min Read']
Coronavirus task force fades from view as Trump White House moves on The pandemic has persisted as the White House shifts focus.
The task force Trump set up to deal with COVID-19, led by Pence, has assumed a diminished role.
In this May 15, 2020, file photo, President Donald Trump speaks about the coronavirus in the Rose Garden of the White House.
White House Coronavirus Task Force Coordinator, Dr. Deborah Birx, answers a question during the daily briefing on the novel coronavirus, COVID-19, at the White House on March 18, 2020, in Washington.
"The health officials are not being sidelined," White House deputy press secretary Judd Deere told ABC News.

Trump to give nomination acceptance speech in Fla. Video -- ['Abc News']
Transcript for Trump to give nomination acceptance speech in Fla.Overnight president trump will except the Republican nomination.
For reelection in Jacksonville Florida the city was chosen after north Carolina's governor refused to allow a convention in Charlotte without social distancing measures.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.

Top US general apologizes for Trump photo-op Video -- ['Abc News']
Transcript for Top US general apologizes for Trump photo-opGood evening and it's great to have you with us here on a Thursday night.
Well tonight, the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff now saying he made a mistake, saying, quote, I should not have been there.
The president saying it won't happen, that it's part of a great American heritage.
General Milley was right there, wearing his battle uniform.
Reporter: Let's get right to Jon Karl, live at the white house, because Jon, you're learning tonight that general Milley considered resigning?

Trump claims he’s finalizing executive order on police reform Video -- ['Abc News']
Transcript for Trump claims he’s finalizing executive order on police reformThird were working to finalize an executive order that will encourage police departments nationwide to me.
The most current professional standards for the use of force.
Also will encourage pilot programs that allow social workers to join certain to law enforcement officers so that they work together.
Will take we've got to funding police if anything we're going the other route we're gonna make sure that police are well trained perfectly trained at the best equipment.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.

The Note: Trump vs. military opens new lane for Biden -- ['Abc News', 'Rick Klein', 'Maryalice Parks', 'June', 'Min Read']
The Note: Trump vs. military opens new lane for Biden Tensions between the president and the military present a leadership challenge.
Former Vice President Joe Biden added a twist this week by saying he was "damn proud" of military leaders taking a stand against the president.
The Trump campaign quickly replied that Biden is wrong to suggest he won't honor the results of the election.
The Fiserv Forum is seen during a media walk through ahead of the Democratic National Convention in Milwaukee, Jan. 7, 2020.
Sunday on ABC's "This Week": ABC News Chief Anchor George Stephanopoulos goes one-on-one with Fair Fight founder Stacey Abrams.

Senators move to change names of military bases, set stage for showdown with Trump -- ['Abc News', 'Allison Pecorin', 'June', 'Min Read']
Senators move to change names of military bases, set stage for showdown with Trump The Senate Armed Services Committee approved an amendment from Sen. Warren.
The Republican-led Senate Armed Services Committee approved a new amendment that would require military bases named after Confederate soldiers to change their names -- setting senators on a collision course with President Donald Trump.
Earlier on Wednesday, Trump -- responding to the U.S. Army indicating it would be open to a conversation about changing the names of 10 of its bases -- announced his opposition to renaming those military bases in a tweet.
Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images, FILEOn Thursday, as news broke of the committee's decision to adopt Warren's amendment, Trump doubled down and called on Republican senators to oppose the change.
"Hopefully our great Republican Senators won't fall for this!"

Trump's history of defending Confederate 'heritage' despite political risk: ANALYSIS -- ['Abc News', 'June', 'Min Read']
Trump's history of defending Confederate 'heritage' despite political risk: ANALYSIS This isn't the first time he's argued for keeping Confederate memorials.
President Donald Trump tweeted Thursday in all capital letters, a day after saying he "will not even consider" renaming Fort Bragg and other military installations named after Confederate generals.
But since winning the White House, Trump's rhetoric has taken a turn.
President Donald Trump delivers remarks and answers questions about events in Charlottesville following a meeting on infrastructure at Trump Tower, Aug. 15, 2017, in New York.
In the wake of the national outrage over race and policing, it remains to be seen if the Confederate flag will be on display less -- or more so.

Trump holding roundtable in Dallas on 'disparities' as he seeks to regain political footing -- ['Abc News', 'Jordyn Phelps', 'Ben Gittleson', 'June', 'Min Read']
Trump holding roundtable in Dallas on 'disparities' as he seeks to regain political footing The trip comes as Trump has struggled politically amid protests against racism.
The president held a roundtable discussion with members of law enforcement at the White House Monday and met with some African American supporters at the White House Wednesday.
The White House has yet to release a list of participants in Thursday’s roundtable, which is being held at the predominantly-white Evangelical Gateway Church in an upscale Dallas neighborhood.
President Donald Trump speaks during a roundtable discussion in the Cabinet Room of the White House in Washington, June 10, 2020.
Patrick Semansky/APThe president’s visit to Dallas also comes as the White House has said they are actively crafting a police reform proposal.

Biden claims Trump will try to 'steal this election' -- ['Abc News', 'Molly Nagle', 'John Verhovek', 'June', 'Min Read']
Biden claims Trump will try to 'steal this election' Biden said access to voting in November is his "single greatest concern."
“This president's going to try to steal this election,” Biden said in an interview with "The Daily Show with Trevor Noah" Wednesday night.
This is not who we are.’ I promise you, I'm absolutely convinced they will escort him from the White House with great dispatch,” Biden said.
Pool/Getty ImagesWhite House press secretary Kayleigh McEnany dismissed Biden’s comments that President Trump would have to be escorted from the White House if he loses in November.
“This is just another brainless conspiracy theory from Joe Biden as he continues to try to undermine confidence in our elections.

Trump to give nomination acceptance speech in Florida after standoff with North Carolina -- ['Abc News', 'Will Steakin', 'Kendall Karson', 'June', 'Min Read']
Trump to give nomination acceptance speech in Florida after standoff with North Carolina The convention will still be held in Charlotte, North Carolina, from Aug. 24-27.
While the convention business, rules and platform voting, will still be held in Charlotte, North Carolina, from Aug. 24-27, the president's acceptance speech will now be held on Aug. 27 at the VyStar Veterans Memorial Arena in Jacksonville, which holds 15,000 people.
Alex Brandon/APThat announcement made sure not to say that the convention has been moved from North Carolina to Florida, but that the "celebration" would be taking place in the Sunshine State.
The RNC executive committee unanimously voted Wednesday night to approve a significantly pared down convention in Charlotte, North Carolina, in which only official business will be held.
Republicans made the significant announcement after a standoff with North Carolina Gov.

Milley apologizes for taking part in Trump church walk: 'I should not have been there' -- ['Abc News', 'Luis Martinez', 'June', 'Min Read']
Milley apologizes for taking part in Trump church walk: 'I should not have been there' His doing so drew widespread criticism from former and current military leaders.
Milley, who was wearing combat fatigues, and Defense Secretary Mark Esper were the target of widespread criticism from current and former leaders for their participation in last Monday's walk through the park to St. John's Church.
President Donald Trump departs the White House to visit outside St. John's Church, June 1, 2020.
When Trump's party arrived at St. John's Church, the president posed with a Bible and then asked top officials, including Esper, to participate in a photo opportunity.
President Donald Trump holds a Bible as he visits outside St. John's Church across Lafayette Park from the White House, June 1, 2020, in Washington.

Seattle officials clash with Trump on Twitter after protesters create autonomous zone outside police precinct -- ['Abc News', 'Kelly Mccarthy', 'June', 'Min Read']
Seattle officials clash with Trump on Twitter after protesters create autonomous zone outside police precinct The East precinct in Seattle is boarded up and surrounded by demonstrators.
Protesters in Seattle have seized a six-block area to create an autonomous police-free zone outside the East precinct that was abandoned on Monday.
Seattle Police Chief Carmen Best talks to media in front of Seattle Police Department East Precinct in Seattle, June 11, 2020.
"We must continue to reimagine and rethink policing and how we allocate funds for law enforcement and for other community-based programs."
"It is now the Capitol Hill autonomous zone," she added.

Coronavirus task force fades from view as Trump White House moves on -- ['Abc News', 'Jordyn Phelps', 'Ben Gittleson', 'June', 'Min Read']
Coronavirus task force fades from view as Trump White House moves on The pandemic has persisted as the White House shifts focus.
The task force Trump set up to deal with COVID-19, led by Pence, has assumed a diminished role.
In this May 15, 2020, file photo, President Donald Trump speaks about the coronavirus in the Rose Garden of the White House.
White House Coronavirus Task Force Coordinator, Dr. Deborah Birx, answers a question during the daily briefing on the novel coronavirus, COVID-19, at the White House on March 18, 2020, in Washington.
"The health officials are not being sidelined," White House deputy press secretary Judd Deere told ABC News.

Top US general apologizes for Trump photo-op Video -- ['Abc News']
Transcript for Top US general apologizes for Trump photo-opGood evening and it's great to have you with us here on a Thursday night.
Well tonight, the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff now saying he made a mistake, saying, quote, I should not have been there.
The president saying it won't happen, that it's part of a great American heritage.
General Milley was right there, wearing his battle uniform.
Reporter: Let's get right to Jon Karl, live at the white house, because Jon, you're learning tonight that general Milley considered resigning?

Trump claims he’s finalizing executive order on police reform Video -- ['Abc News']
Transcript for Trump claims he’s finalizing executive order on police reformThird were working to finalize an executive order that will encourage police departments nationwide to me.
The most current professional standards for the use of force.
Also will encourage pilot programs that allow social workers to join certain to law enforcement officers so that they work together.
Will take we've got to funding police if anything we're going the other route we're gonna make sure that police are well trained perfectly trained at the best equipment.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.

